Oh to mfz 700 exterior doing a quick
overview of the new skidoo absolute zero
touring jacket comes with her loft
insulation technology as well as simple
text installation performance technology
and it comes with a whole bag of extra
buttons in case one of yours breaks it
does have a lot of velcro to keep the
wind out from the zipper zipper extra
lecture feature as well as waist waist
belt clip first first impression is very
thick very heavy definitely for those
cold and windy days fits my husband has
a hood it is remembered by zipper has
nursed little hand wind guards go by
without the sleeve keeps your arms
nicely from the weather this nice has a
double zipper blown away this zipper is
a little finicky that stole my only
complaints on the zipper zips up nice
while ago pillow has a pocket here as
well as two pockets on the side and
Hanson has complaining or here depending
could use one more balancing is really
thick I'm actually getting haughty
speaking that's very inside good it has
nice little pockets for your mp3 player
and then on this side for your cell
phones this liner in here it is
removable makes everything
reachable Tuesday there's a pretty big
whining
hopefully it comes out and there's two
clips buttons that keep it out the whole
thing just comes out all right
thickest part of Jay all right walk then
like a regular jacket
definitely well-named very definitely
made for your touring touring group I
don't know about your off-trail
aggressive trail riders section Mountain
riders I'm used to the Michelle Michelle
and pull over very readable very
breathable nice when he was working up a
sweat on the trail but this is probably
more just sit down
Wow well hard log while Ryder did you
want to sign up till sundown even
through the night has a lot of
reflectors as well as three dots on the
back for reflecting hard to call it of
the red really nice has a little padding
for your neck up here as nice could do
one this could do well going level
across the bottom just a little
adjustment that's nice little des
attachment that's as far as I can go for
now until I get until I get that plug
it's no to ride it on to test it I will
keep you guys updated as far as the
value goes divided average at this point
I would i couldn't justify spending $500
on it when I can spend $100 on a she'll
get the same performance as my
perspective the work very warm I'm hot
now
the fit is heavy thick well as I'm
saying for your touring riders perfect
gonna be keep you warm all day no matter
what the temperature is it's not one I
just pop the vents open take the the
line around you should be good to go
those negative the sub-zero temperatures
you'll be you'll be perfect that's all
for now and I'll post more videos as
they get riding